some people have said water bottle clips
are dead at the same time it's very
difficult to ignore a quarter of a
billion views on water bottle flip 2 so
[Applause]
[Music]
- perfect I got two bottles cue beams
this is the double flip
[Music]
let's go
Oh
cool guys don't look back at explosions
or bottle flips
[Music]
let's get slinky with it
sup guys time for a moving shot this is
beyond the move bottle flip
[Music]
every trick shot we're doing that it's
not right so guys time to giveaway guy
what you're currently watching is a
moderately impressive no-look poor of
our brand-new sports nutrition product
true labs got an incredible giveaway for
you guys today we call it the Platinum
prize pack all you got to do text energy
to our dude perfect phone number and you
can win a do perfect signed basketball
plus some energy some rehydrate some
sleet and protein everything you need to
nearly guarantee yourself to become a
professional athlete we got the two
story bottle flip bouncer here we go
[Music]
[Applause]
we're giving team prize packs away so
text quick I'm just kidding you don't
really have to but you don't want to
miss the boat the boat will leave at
some point if you're watching this in
2024 it's probably too late the ships
left it'll be sooner than that but no
one knows win like a thief in the night
that's one we'll give it away check it
out
[Music]
I just put the smallest cup I could find
on a bottle this is the tiny cup bottle
flip
[Music]
it's a little bright here
so we want to do a water Bell foot and
we've done one up on that railing but we
haven't done one on that railing that is
twice as high guys had some crazy ideas
but this one my top the list this is the
super high
[Music]
thanks for watching guys big DP
announcement coming in hot click here to
check out our brand new sports nutrition
company true labs cannot wait for you
guys to try out these products they will
help you perform recover and sleep
use the code dude 15 on your first order
for 15% off can't wait to hear what you
guys think click the link in the bio for
tour tickets for 2020 can't wait to see
you guys out on the road and as always
make sure you subscribe sign it off for
now
pound it bargain see ya